_Will this repository tell me how to solve a mission? Aren't we taking the fun out of it? One of the FLL Core Values is DISCOVERY. If we have this repository, won't other teams be able to copy our code and not experience the thrill of DISCOVERY?_

Great points! Discovery is very important and we want to embrace that core value, just like all of the rest. But seeing our code here really doesn't tell you anything. If I told you that for a certain mission, we are going to drive 268mm, the operate the left attachment motor for -220 degrees, and then do a turn of 105 degrees, and another drive, you get the point. Those instructions are meaningless. You need to have the EXACT same robot as us, and the EXACT same attachment. The mission code is in the repo to make it easier for our team to collaborate. Even our BaseRobot class is useless unless your team does things the same way we do, and your color sensor is calibrated the same as ours, etc.

Instead, if you are looking through our repository here, then what you should really be getting are IDEAS and INSPIRATION, and a better understanding of pybricks. Maybe you never heard of pybricks, but you want to see how an FLL team is using it to get a better idea if it is a possible good fit for your team. Or just to see if python is a good language for FLL robots (we think it is!). Or maybe you want to see how a master program works under pybricks. Or a BaseRobot class. But there's no real code here that can be copied and pasted into any other team's codebase. It just doesn't work that way.

So please don't just come here and copy all of our code. That's not cool and it's not fun. Instead, drop us a note to let us know how we helped your team, or ask us questions. We are happy to help, but we want you to have a chance to DISCOVER your own solutions!
